README.md, before:

# evaporate
Generate soft matter blends via simulated solvent evaporation

Solvent evaporation protocol implemented as a bash script (which assumes the use of GROMACS) used to produce soft matter morphologies as described in [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717). All the files required to run the evaporation of [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717) and [JMCA **2017**, 5, 21234-21241](https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2017/ta/c7ta06609k) can be found at [the Martini portal](http://cgmartini.nl/index.php/simulated-evaporation-and-scattering).

If you find this useful please cite [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717).

------
![alt text](./images/banner-opv-03.png "P3HT:PCBM blend")
------

## License

<pre><code>
Copyright 2018 University of Groningen

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</code></pre>

The [full text of the license](https://github.com/ricalessandri/evaporate/blob/master/LICENSE) is available in the source repository.

Commit message:

Add link to uploaded morphologies (Figshare)

README.md, after:

# evaporate
Generate soft matter blends via simulated solvent evaporation

Solvent evaporation protocol implemented as a bash script (which assumes the use of GROMACS) used to produce soft matter morphologies as described in [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717). All the files required to run the evaporation of [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717) and [JMCA **2017**, 5, 21234-21241](https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2017/ta/c7ta06609k) can be found at [the Martini portal](http://cgmartini.nl/index.php/simulated-evaporation-and-scattering).

If you find this useful please cite [JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717).

------
![alt text](./images/banner-opv-03.png "P3HT:PCBM blend")
------

Some morphologies (from 
[JACS **2017**, 139, 3697-3705](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.6b11717) 
and [Chemrxiv **2020**](https://doi.org/10.26434/chemrxiv.12277931))
are available on [Figshare](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.12338633).


## License

<pre><code>
Copyright 2018 University of Groningen

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</code></pre>

The [full text of the license](https://github.com/ricalessandri/evaporate/blob/master/LICENSE) is available in the source repository.
